   One of my most consistent and strongest interests in recent years has been reading Webnovels. This underrepresented media has had some of the best stories I’ve read in years, such as a 9 volume series spanning over 1400 chapters named Lord of the Mysteries, and provides insights into other cultures based on how the author creates their works. Successful webnovels are frequently turned into manga, manhwa, manhua, or anime. These authors write webnovels that release chapters in a serial format, causing the most liked webnovels to be continued, while novels without support get dropped. Additionally, many of these novels are then translated into English, and hosted on sites for English speakers to read. The three most common countries popular web novels originate from are Korea, Japan, and China. 

As this is a passion of mine, I have often wondered which webnovels are the most popular to English readers, and more importantly, their place of origin. For that reason, I plan to discover which country of origin creates the novels with the highest ratings between Korea, China, and Japan. This question is especially interesting due to the different cultures outlooks and treatments of America in their stories. Since many English readers are American, there may be titles that are unfairly rated due to this treatment. Additionally, this dataset can be used for other inquiries into how popular ranking, release schedules, and ratings affect the popularity of each novel. While this topic may be niche, it is one I have a lot of interest in.
    I hypothesize that Korean novels will be the highest rated, despite Chinese novels tending to be some of my favorites. One of the reasons for this is that Koreans tend to treat American characters the best in their stories, while Chinese patriotism can characterize other cultures as lesser than. Additionally, the recent surge in popularity of Manhwa such as Solo Leveling and The Beginning After The End may drive viewership to the novels as manhwa currently in production are nearly always behind their novel counterparts.

In order to do this analysis, I created a web scraper python script through selenium, which was needed due to cloudflare bot protection, that recorded the attributes of the nearly 29,000 novels that are recorded on novelupdates.com, a hub for translated novels. I understand this dataset will not take 15 gigabytes of storage space, but I ask for understanding as there are no more novels hosted on the website and this is a large passion of mine. I was unable to find any premade datasets, which was why I had to scrape for my own. In later versions of this scraper, I may include genre tags or instead use the weekly/monthly popularity tabs instead of all time. This would allow me to also monitor trends in popular novels and try to tie them into current events, which I think would be extremely interesting. 
    
	Note: I attached the script used to the github repository, after running for an hour and a half it failed on one of the final pages. I will rerun it and update the script to append as it goes, partition, etc. but for now I hope the script will suffice.
